Include rewind feature in play docs (#3236)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/modeler/web-modeler/play-your-process.md

To start a new process instance, click on the **Restart process** button on the start event, or return to the definition view by clicking **View all** on the top banner.

## Rewind a process

> After completing part of your process, you can **rewind** to a previous task to test a section of your process. Play will start a new instance and replay your actions up to the selected previous task.

Reviewer: Here you say `task`, but elsewhere you say `element`, which may include events.

Author: I copied this explanation from old Play's docs to be honest 😅  it seems element is more appropriate then, I'll fix it

Reviewer: Got it 😁 
I didn't pay as much attention to those docs

> After completing part of your process, you can **rewind** to a previous task to test a section of your process. Play will start a new instance and replay your actions up to the selected previous task.

Reviewer: For clarity
```suggestion
After completing part of your process, you can **rewind** to a previous task to test a different scenario. Play will start a new instance and replay your actions up to, but not including, the selected previous task.
```

The rewind operation currently does not support the following elements:

> - Called processes

Reviewer: In the Modeler, it's called a "Call activity"

> - Timer events that have been triggered automatically without any user action

Reviewer: Elsewhere in the page it says "Timer events are executed as defined, with the option to skip the wait."
```suggestion
- Timer events that complete without being skipped
```

- Message events that have a generic correlation key (Example: message correlation key is a variable that has a different value on each process instance)

> If your process contains one or more of these elements anywhere up to the point of the selected task, the new instance will end up in an earlier stage than expected.

Reviewer: For brevity and clarity
```suggestion
If you completed an unsupported element before rewinding, you will rewind farther than expected.
```

Author: this looks great, thanks!

> In addition, Play rewinds to an element, not to an element instance. For example, if you wanted to rewind your process to an element which has run five times during your process, it will rewind your process to the first instance of that element.

Reviewer: Recommending a concrete example
```suggestion
In addition, Play rewinds to an element, not to an element instance. For example, if you wanted to rewind your process to a sequential multi-instance service task which ran five times, it will rewind your process to the first instance of that service task.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: "ranked from slowest to fastest" -- what do we mean by this? I like the additions, but don't know if that part is necessary.

Also, I originally was wondering if this was a series of steps -- given it is three separate options, I would make make this a tabbed list rather than a numerical list.

> 

Reviewer: @christinaausley I meant that there are different ways to replay your process, and rewind is the fastest
If it's not clear, it can be dropped. Overall, I'm trying to push people to use rewind

> 

Author: I have applied this change with minor changes (I changed the title so it fits the others, and removed the last sentence in the Play a process section so its not repeated in this new title you suggested)

@christinaausley please check the latest version and feel free to merge if it looks good

> 

Reviewer 2: I would likely just write out as follows:

To replay a process, rewind to an earlier element by clicking on the **Rewind** button on a previously completed element.

:::note

> 

Reviewer: Christina's suggestion makes a ton of sense to me.  Using the note shows that they're less preferred, but still optional

> 

Reviewer 2: @huygur Once this is incorporated, I can approve and merge 🥳

> 

Author: I made the changes, hope I understood it correctly 😅
